Hello Brian,
  I continue to prepare for the Westwood Conservation Commission meeting next week to oppose the application to develop on the wetlands at 42 Mill St.  I have a number of points I plan to raise that I think will delay if not stop further progress from Delapa/Goddard, but I'm trying to put together as many potential points of contention as I can.  There's one I want to run by you.

  Throughout the course of the application process in 2021 (that resulted in the SOC issued by the DEP for the house construction), you raised repeated issues about the validity of the ORAD.  Scott Goddard repeatedly cited that there was a legally binding FORAD in place so that (even 5 years later under obviously different circumstances) the delineations were beyond questioning.

  Apart from the fact that the FORAD is now expired (as of 2022 - which by itself I think will kill their project; if they need to establish new delineations with the pond in its current quite full state, I think there will not be any room for development), I couldn't help but notice that immediately after the FORAD was issued, their next plan showed the 100 and 200 foot Riparian Zones extending from Mill Brook in substantially different locations than were in the FORAD.  It occurs to me that this could be for good reason and may be valid, but it also occurrs to me, that unless they got these delineations explicitly approved, Scott's words could well be used against him.

Here are quotes from Scott in response to your questions about the accuracy of the delineations:
"The wetland line onsite is legally bound by a FORAD extended to 12/19/22 (DEP #338-0594)"

and
"As addressed in the previous Response to Peer Review Comments from GEC (10/27/20), Goddard reiterates that the wetland line and boundaries of the perennial stream onsite are legally bound by a FORAD extended to 12/19/22 (DEP #338-0594)"

and ultimately to justify no longer requiring your services,
"The basis for the majority of the sparse comments received from GEC have been centered around a disagreement with the extent of on-site wetland resource areas, which have been confirmed in a Final Order of Resource Area Delineation. This maintained fundamental disagreement on the validity of the FORAD itself demeans the well-established legal process for wetland resource area confirmation."

Between the expiration of the FORAD and the fact that I believe their plans show erroneous lot lines, the dam is at least in part on my property and they have no right to do anything to my property, this may not even come up.  But I'd like to be prepared, if it is a viable point.

What do you think?
Here's a series of images that illustrates the migration of the riparian zones... I'll have these ready as part of a slideshow if you think this is a valid point.
2016_10_20_FORAD.png
2023_07_23_Dam_Repair_Plan.png
Plans_Overlaid.png
Plans_Overlaid_Zoom.png
Plans_Overlaid_Zoom_Riparian.png