Patrick Ahearn <pahearn@westwoodma.gov> To: Todd DeMelle <tdemelle@gmail.com>

Fri, Sep 5, 2025 at 7:16 AM

Mr. DeMelle, Can you forward the specific document you are referencing so I am able to ascertain time frames and context? Please advise.

Patrick J. Ahearn, Esq. Town Counsel

From: Town of Westwood Website Information <townhallwestwoodma@enotify.visioninternet.com> Sent: Thursday, September 4, 2025 11:09 PM To: Patrick Ahearn <pahearn@westwoodma.gov> Subject: Westwood Town Site Email - question about your letter to the DEP re: Mill Pond

CAUTION: This email originated from outside of the Town of Westwood Email System. Do not click links or open attachments unless you recognize the sender and know the content is safe.

Message submitted from the <Town of Westwood, MA> website.
Site Visitor Name: Todd DeMelle Site Visitor Email: tdemelle@gmail.com
Dear Mr Ahearn, My name is Todd DeMelle and I live at 1355 High St in Westwood overlooking Bakers Pond. In preparation for the upcoming conservation commission hearing next week on the 10th where the WCC will be reviewing the latest NOI from Delapa/Goddard to repair the dam on the pond, I have been going over the case history. I came across your letter to the DEP questioning details of the SOC appeal, but was unable to find a response. It surprised me that the DEP issued the SOC a few weeks later without a formal response to the issues you raised. If you're able to share what happened, I'd appreciate being able to bring that knowledge to the meeting. Thank you. Todd DeMelle

The Attorney General has determined that email correspondences are public records unless the content of the email falls with one of the stated exemptions under the Public Records Laws
The Attorney General has determined that email correspondences are public records unless the content of the email falls with one of the stated exemptions under the Public Records Laws


5/26/26, 4:43 PM

Gmail - RE: Westwood Town Site Email - question about your letter to the DEP re: Mill Pond

Disclaimer
The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.
This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by Mimecast Ltd, an innovator in Software as a Service (SaaS) for business. Providing a safer and more useful place for your human generated data. Specializing in; Security, archiving and compliance. To find out more Click Here.