Todd DeMelle <tdemelle@gmail.com> To: Patrick Ahearn <pahearn@westwoodma.gov>

Fri, Sep 12, 2025 at 1:47 PM

Dear Mr Ahearn, Just a follow up to confirm whether you may have recalled any response from the DEP to your letter. The points you
raised, which I believe summarized points made by Brian Donahoe, the consultant the town hired to review the delineations in 2021, seem like credible concerns.

I've learned that the delineations in the SOC plans under review at the time actually came from a highly contested FORAD issued by the DEP in 2016 when the pond was at the driest it's been in the twenty one years I've lived next to it. The pond recovered the following year and in 2021, the year when the observations in your letter were made challenging the 2016 delineations, conditions and water levels had changed back to normal.

The FORAD, which the applicant used to deflect delineation concerns during that SOC review, expired in 2022. Unfortunately, the SOC locked in those same delineations for its duration. Normally, that would have been three more years from 2022 to 2025, but the Leads Act extends that two more years to 2027.

The net effect is, despite the pond returning to its normal state the year following the 2016 FORAD, despite being contested in 2022, and despite beaver activity over the past few years raising the water to the highest levels we've seen, delineations made at an extraordinarily unusual moment will remain inaccurate and beyond appeal for eleven years.

Next week is the conservation commission hearing to review the NOI for the dam work that the 2022 SOC settlement agreement depends on. I believe this is the last opportunity to advocate for the actual state of the pond and the surrounding wetlands to be recognized. My hope is that your letter and Mr Donahoe's reports from that time may stand as credible evidence that the delineations from 2016, that are the basis for the dam repair NOI plans, are inaccurate and should be re-established.

Because of the complexity of the history of this case, despite being publically available, it's been challenging piecing the course of events together from the various files available at the DEP, the Conservation Commission and the Superior Court. Any light you may be able to shed on some of the missing pieces would be very much appreciated.

Thank you.

Sincerely, Todd DeMelle 1355 High St, Westwood, MA 02090 617 462 9195
[Quoted text hidden]



5/26/26, 4:43 PM

Gmail - RE: Westwood Town Site Email - question about your letter to the DEP re: Mill Pond