Todd DeMelle <tdemelle@gmail.com> To: Patrick Ahearn <pahearn@westwoodma.gov> Cc: Karon Catrone <kcatrone@westwoodma.gov>

Mon, Apr 27, 2026 at 5:25 PM

Mr. Ahearn,
I spoke with Suzanne in the Westwood Building Department this morning regarding 42 Mill Street. She stated the town still has an open suit regarding the property and suggested that I contact you.
I had thought the case regarding the SOC was settled and closed. Is there another open suit involving 42 Mill Street? I would appreciate any details you are able to share.
I have not heard from the DEP in response to the recent letter to Eric Worrall on which you were copied, .
On Friday, I saw a worker in an orange vest marking the build site, hammering in stakes, and putting up a DEP sign at 42 Mill Street. Knowing the Conservation Commission recently denied the dam repair NOI, and believing the applicant was selling, I called the DEP to ask the status. I spoke with Phil DiPietro, who informed me that the applicant has now appealed the Town's dam NOI denial to the DEP.
I then resent the letter I sent to Eric Worrall to Phil DiPietro, Jill Provencal, and Tyler Ferrick.
The applicant's appeal to the DEP appears to continue the same pattern seen repeatedly over the last decade with the FORAD, the SOC, and now the dam repair NOI: local denial followed by DEP appeal and, if there is a new suit, a third suit against the Town.
Your 2022 correspondence raised important issues that were not resolved before the issuance of either the FORAD in 2016 or the house SOC in 2022. Those unresolved issues appear directly relevant again in the current dam NOI matter.
Please let me know whether the Town is taking those prior unresolved issues into account in its present handling of 42 Mill Street.
I've attached the presentation I put together for the conservation commission hearing for the dam noi; it goes into more detail regarding the history and the concerns I hope the DEP will take into account.
Thank you,
Todd DeMelle
[Quoted text hidden]
2026_03_24_Mill_Brook-Printed_Presentation_notes_reduced.pdf 7278K